c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\microheros.exe
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\microheros.pdb
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\obj\x86\Debug\microheros.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\obj\x86\Debug\microheros.exe
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\obj\x86\Debug\microheros.pdb
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\antMan.xnb
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\atom.xnb
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\batMan.xnb
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hulk.xnb
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ironMan.xnb
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\MicroHero.xnb
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\superMan.xnb
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Universe.xnb
c:\users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\widow.xnb
C:\Users\jonesgid000\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\microheros\microheros\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\a.xnb
